Most people open Claude and use it like
a fancy Google search. That's like
buying a Ferrari and only driving it 10
km an hour. I build AI products every
single day through my company Martel
Ventures and I heavily use Claude in all
my work. So, I'm going to walk you
through 16 Claude hacks that will save
you hours of time, grow your business,
very important, and boost your
productivity in ways that will blow your
freaking mind. Let's get into it. Number
one, the memory import. See, if you are
still stuck on Chat GPT, so sorry to
hear. Now, we got to migrate you over,
but you don't want to lose your
contacts. It'll bring over everything,
your preferences, your history, and
it'll transfer it over like that. It's a
simple way to import everything you've
done in Chat GPT and bring it over to
Claude in less than 2 minutes. We go to
our settings, we go to capabilities, and
then start import. Claude then gives you
a prompt and then you paste it into Chat
GPT, then it gives you everything it
knows about you. Got you. So, you take
the output and paste it back into the
Claude box, you click add to memory and
voila, tout fini, you're done. Hack
number two, model selector. Claude has
three different power levels essentially
and you got to pick the right one for
the right job. So, you click the model
selector at the bottom right and then
you see we've got Haiku. This is your
cheapest and fastest model. Then you've
got Sonnet, best for everyday tasks.
You've got Opus, that's best for complex
tasks. Or you can select this little
adaptive thinking thing so it picks
automatically depending on the task so
you don't have to think, but then you
don't have as much control. I like to
set my own control. So, for example, if
you're looking for patterns and metrics,
Opus crushes. It thinks way harder. If
you're drafting an email response,
Sonnet, it's awesome. And my favorite
part, it's faster and it can give you
different options. If you're trying to
summarize 50 meeting notes, it's just a
bunch of data, Haiku, instant, done in
seconds. Next, hack number three, the
Gmail connector. Dan, is it secure? Your
security at home is a bazillion times
less security than the team at Claude. I
just want you to know that. So, stop
asking me if it's secure and start using
the tools to make yourself some money.
You should just not be touching your
inbox. You can literally do all your
email through Claude. But first, we got
to connect it. You go to customize in
the sidebar, connectors, then choose
Gmail, then log into it. Super easy.
Click, log in, it's added. I ask Claude
to find stuff, summarize it, draft
replies for me, and for what it's worth,
the Gmail inbox search sucks. So, how
about we get the AI to search for us. If
you want a cheat code and you have an
assistant, what I do is I have a Claude
account that is for my assistant and I.
I've connected to my inbox and they can
use that to search my inbox through our
shared Claude account so that she can
self-serve on any questions she would
normally ask me, she can find it in my
inbox. Power move. Hack number four,
calendar connector. Similar, but
different. Let me tell you why.
Essentially, Claude connects your Google
calendar and it can do a lot of cool
stuff. Yes, it can schedule things. It
can help you with meetings. It can find
your free time. But even more important,
it can help you analyze your time. So,
same thing. We go to the same place on
the sidebar, connectors, Google
calendar, log in. Now, I can go into
Claude and add something like, "Add 1
hour time block sometime before Friday
for me to review our next YouTube
outline." It then creates the time block
and let me know why it picked that time.
An advanced move is to give it your
goals for the quarter, maybe for the
year, and then say, "Analyze my
calendar, now analyze my email cuz you
got that, too, and see if I'm spending
the right amount of time on the projects
to achieve those goals." Now, it became
a business coach. And these are only two
connectors and there's connectors for
Slack, Notion, GitHub, Google Drive, and
a bunch of others. Now, before we move
on, if you're an entrepreneur and you're
trying to keep up on all of this AI
chaos, but you're maxed out on time, I
totally get it. That's why I built my AI
company OS Playbook, the exact framework
that I use to plug AI into every
department within my business. If you
want it, it's yours for free. Just DM me
AI business on Instagram at Dan Martell
and I'll send it right over to you. Hack
number five, artifacts. So, essentially
what it is is working apps right in the
chat. It essentially creates like little
mini apps within the chat that you can
use and change things around and just
kind of iterate. I get asked every day,
"Hey Dan, I got this idea. I want to
hire a developer. How do I find the
right person?" I go, "Look in the
mirror.
You are that person." Try it. Just say,
"Build me this thing." and watch Claude
build it. So, for example, you could
say, "Build me a spreadsheet with sample
data." and then make the columns
editable, include the sales reps who's
involved, the status of the sale, the
product they sold, and any other
information you think that would be
relevant and then hit boom, enter, and
then pow, it just creates these
interactive apps in chat. So, it's not
just like an information back and forth.
Now, we're building things. Hack number
six, interactive visuals. Now, this is
my favorite because I used to take the
data from Claude and then go visualize
it in other tools. Now, I get to stay
right inside the chat. Claude builds you
live, clickable visuals that you can use
explain anything. It's literally done
what I call accelerated learning. So,
for example, you can ask it to visualize
the height framework, which is how we
shoot our short-form videos. And if you
want and need context on that, just
check Slack. So, now it's going to use
my Slack as a connector and it builds me
this cool whole visual that I can click
on and expand to learn more about what
it is and it's all done by pulling the
information and visualizing it. It's as
simple as telling it, "Visualize this."
Hack number seven, projects. Think of it
like this. It's essentially a folder
that's preloaded with all the context
you might have around a project. See why
it's called a project? And then you can
actually invite other people to
collaborate with you on those projects
so that your chats and their chats are
all in one place and you can kind of
riff off each other. If you're on a team
account, highly recommend you do. So,
here's how How it. We go to the sidebar,
then you click projects, then new
project. [music]
Now, I drop contacts in there. So,
everything from internal documents to
PDFs to anything I've downloaded, any
instructions, copy-paste other chats,
you put all that in the knowledge
section. When you start chatting with
it, it has all that reference material
to be able to give you good answers. I
have every one of my coaching calls
transcribed. So, if I'm looking for an
example, a story, a client, I can go
into the project that has already linked
up to that Google Drive and tell it to
search every transcript to find examples
or stories around this pain or this
challenge, and that feeds me ideas for
me to talk about in my content. And a
pro move is you can create a system
prompt that you copy and paste into the
instruction box, which then essentially
acts like what used to be called a
custom GPT, so that you can get the same
result over and over every time you come
into that project. Hack number eight,
voice mode. Now, we get to talk to
Claude, cuz guess what? I can talk three
times faster than I can type. So, it's
super easy. On a desktop, click that
little waveform at the bottom of your
prompt bar. On mobile, just click the
mic button. I do this all time. Well,
I'm driving, I'm having fun. It's easy.
And the cool part is it transcribes the
whole conversation, so if you ever want
to use that in something else, it's all
there to go. The best part is you can be
super messy in whatever you're thinking
about, and Claude is smart enough to go,
"Oh, you're probably talking about
this." and give you a really great
answer. Hack number nine, Chrome
extension. Non-negotiable for me. The
Chrome extension is a go-to tool. If
you're a Claude user, please install it.
So, what it does is it allows you to use
your browser through Claude to automate
tasks. So, the first thing we got to do
is go to the Chrome Web Store and find
Claude for Chrome and install it. And
what it is, pretty much everything you
do in your browser, the Claude Chrome
browser extension could do for you. So,
for example, if you got like a
spreadsheet and you got all these
numbers and you're like, "I wonder what
the pattern is and what should I pay
attention to?" You can just ask it. Then
Claude takes a snapshot of the site,
starts scraping everything, clicks
buttons, works inside your browser, and
it finds the insights. It does
everything that you would have to do
that you might not even know how to do
for you automagically. Hack number 10,
Cowork. This is where it gets nerdy,
like my kind of people are sticking
around right to the end starting now.
What it is is Claude will take over your
computer and do work on your computer
while you step away. On your Claude
desktop, so it's a separate app you have
to install on your desktop, open up and
you'll see Cowork. Open Cowork, it's in
the top left. And here's a tip, make
sure you toggle on computer use in your
settings cuz it needs that to be able to
do things on your computer. Then you
just describe any task you need to be
done and the steps that it requires and
Claude breaks it down and executes step
by step. So for example, you can say,
"Pull last month's sales numbers from
HubSpot, drop them in a Google Sheet,
build a summary chart, and post on the
team Slack channel before Monday 9:00
a.m." and it'll take over control of my
computer to do it all. It's like
Claude's hands doing the work for you.
Hack number 11, Schedule Task. This is
one I use every day because there's
things that I do every day that I just
want somebody else to do for me, and
it's Claude. So it's within Cowork, just
type  schedule, and then
it'll allow you to schedule whatever you
just typed. Things that used to be done
by my chief of staff that honestly she
doesn't have to do, I'll just set it up,
schedule it, and nobody has to worry
about it. It does that at the same time
every day as long as my computer's open.
So every morning Claude can read your
inbox, it can send you a summary, it can
figure out what's urgent, it can tell
you what's new in the world, it can
essentially do everything that you're
probably doing every time you sit down
at your computer anyway. Hack number 12,
Claude Dispatch. We can essentially talk
to Claude through Dispatch. Claude's
made this super simple. Just go into
Cowork, then you'll see a menu item
called Dispatch, click it, you'll see a
QR code, pull out the camera app on your
phone, scan it, and it'll actually
redirect you to the App Store to install
the app, and then it'll connect your app
to your computer. So So you might be out
at dinner and realize you forgot
something and you want to send it to
your team so you can actually use
dispatch on your phone to say, "Hey, go
grab my Martel Ventures pitch deck and
send it to Roddy and ask him to give
feedback and then send an email to the
team with all the updates." So now you
can do all the co-work automations
executing on your computer cuz you
turned that little setting on on the go.
Hack number 13, Claude Code. It's
essentially an AI software developer
that can code anything in plain English.
A couple months ago I shut down my whole
company for 2 days and taught everybody
how to be a Claude Code engineer. If you
want to do 10 times 100 times more work
than anybody else, you have to learn how
to build apps in Claude Code. And the
cool part is is Anthropic has a full
setup guide that'll teach everything to
you and I'll link it up below. And look,
there's two types of Claude Code.
There's using it in the Claude app on
your computer or you can actually do it
in the terminal. Now if you don't know
what a terminal is, that's fine. Just
ask Claude and it'll tell you how to use
it. I want you to know that AI is the
only technology ever created that
teaches you how to use it better. One of
my CEOs, Todd, who's 60, he's not but I
joke with him he is, literally used
Claude Code to build a CEO dashboard.
I'm telling you nobody heard from Todd
for 3 days. Then he emerges out of his
office and he brings us in there and
he's got a TV on the wall and he's
showing us this app he built. And
essentially it's doing his job. Somebody
that is not technical, not somebody
learn how to code, he just knows how to
talk. So this is cool but what if you
want to do like coding stuff while
you're on the go? Well, that's where
hack number 14 comes in, Claude
Channels. Essentially, you can use
iMessage, Telegram, Discord to chat with
Claude. So now you can code from
anywhere as long as your computer's
running. Anthropic put a full guide
together help you set it up so I'll link
it below again. But at a high level,
here's what you want to do. First, you
create your bot on Telegram, iMessage or
Discord, pair it with Claude Code in
your terminal, and then finally set up
your API keys and skills. Now API keys
is just something you're going to have
to learn to do. It's like creating a
spreadsheet if you've never created a
spreadsheet. Once you learn how to do it
once, you'll learn that it's just how
all these computers talk to each other.
Now, you can use Claude Code from
anywhere and build stuff and iterate
with it as long as your computer is
running. So, just tell it what you
needed to build. For example, my buddy
Arturo was running late and he was about
to miss a flight, so then he actually
messaged Claude Code to check his email
cuz he connected it and to look at his
calendar cuz all the details were there
and for it to check into his flight for
him. A lot of people are using Claude
Code like their own personal AI agent,
but that's why I built my own platform
called Apex. Essentially, it's like a
digital twin. So, I have a guy named
Kai, that's my guy, and he handles
everything. But, it's way easier to set
up, it's way more secure, and it gives
you access and privacy to your own
things and it can use all the language
models and all the AI. So, if you're
interested, just click the link in the
description and check it out for
yourself. Hack number 15, Claude skills.
This is where you can train Claude to do
a repeatable task for you exactly the
same way every time. you turn anything
into a skill is once you've got
something going, you're working with
something, you're asking to refine it,
just say, "Turn this into a skill." So,
to do this, just go on the left side of
your sidebar and click customize,
skills, and browse, and install. Or, you
can create your own. And the cool part
is is you can install other people's
skills. Ton of them that are created for
like legal, financials, HR type skills.
There's literally thousands of them
shared on GitHub. So, one of the most
popular skills is one called Humanizer
where it targets the 20 specific AI
writing patterns that we all know exist
and then it rewrites whatever your AI
did in a more human tone. And last,
Claude design. This one's going to turn
everybody into a world-class designer.
I'm talking pitch decks, one-pagers,
landing page mock-ups, full apps, even
motion graphics. As of the filming of
this video, it is the newest release
from Claude. So, if you want to use it,
real simple, go to claude.ai/design.
Now, just describe what you want and
Claude will build you a draft in
minutes. And it can even match your
styles, brand guides, whatever you got,
you can give it as examples and it'll
match that as it designs for you. So
basically, I want to visualize the main
points of my book, Buy Back Your Time.
So maybe I was creating a workbook,
which already exists, but if I didn't, I
could use this to visualize the points,
so it take those elements out of my book
and then create visual examples so it
help people learn it easier. And then
bada bing, bada boom, done. Like look at
it. Not visually what I would do, but it
gets me there. For most people, it is a
game-changer. And this is the worst it's
ever going to be. You don't think in 6
months it's going to be better? 12
months? 2 years? I think designers need
to start learning how to use this. And
they recently partnered with Adobe, so
the whole design world is going to get
mixed up big time. So I just overloaded
your mind with a bunch of hacks, but
here's the cool part. You don't need to
do them all. Now you just know that they
exist. So all I need from you is to know
which one are you going to use today?
Just leave a comment below and let me
know. And look, if it doesn't work for
you, that's fine. Go to the next one. AI
can be crazy, but I trust that you can
do this. You know, people message me all
the time and they're like, "Dan, I feel
like I'm behind." No, you're not. I have
never felt ahead, and I just accepted I
never will feel ahead. And the only
question I got to ask myself is, am I
doing the work that's going to keep me
ahead? You're watching this, so that
means you're part of this. And if you
just do one thing from this video, you
are more ahead than 99% of people. And
remember, just DM me AI business and
I'll send you over my AI company OS
playbook. And if you want to go deeper
on what AI tools to use, I ranked the
best ones to make money in this video
here. So click the link and I'll see you
on the other side. Hey Clyde, tell me
how cool I am. All right. You're running
three entities from Cologne
>> Whoa, whoa, whoa, Clyde, keep it secret.
I'm in a room full of people, yo. I'm
surprised, Dan. That's crazy. You're
welcome.